# SurviveBash
Play this game and learn Bash. Download git bash and clone this repository first. To download git bash go to https://git-scm.com/downloads. Next, learn the ls command. The ls command basically displays all the files in the repository. For example, if you were in the Desktop folder and executed ls then the command line will display all the files and folders in the desktop. If you want even more detail and information, type in ls -l. For even more information type in ls -al. After that, learn the cd command. It allows you to enter another folder. If you are in your Desktop and want to enter a folder called MyFolder, you would do cd MyFolder. Do that and keep on entering folders until you enter the SurviveBash folder. Then use the cat command to display the text in Begin. The cat command displays the content of a file. For example, if I want to see what is inside Begin (which you should do in the beginning after reading the README.md), then I would do cat Begin and it would display the content in that file. If you want to view the content of a file in a more interactive way within the terminal then you can use the less command instead of the cat command. Press q when you want to exit the view. Fun fact, you can also type in cd alone to go back to the original user folder you are in. Say for example you are in C:\Users\John\Desktop\MyFolder. Then the cd command with no input would take you to C:\Users\John if your user that you are signed in with is John. Same works with Mac and Linux in a different way. Another command is exit. If you want to close the git bash window without pressing the red X in the top right just type in exit.

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome!
